# Meeting Notes Team Rocket
November 8th, 2021 ![Team Logo](../images/logo.jpg)
## Objective
Weekly Meeting
- Project Timeline
- Front End
## Present
- Mihir Gupta
- Oliver Korchnoy
- Sri Siddhartha Madduri (Sid)
- Lucius Weathersby
- Seeraj Somla
- Patrick Brown
- Xiaoxiao Zou (Crystal)
- Yinghui Sun
## Absent
- Brandon Chen 
## Summary of Last Meeting
On Monday's meeting, each team member went over briefly what they've worked on for the week, as well as what blockers they had, if any, and also talked about the project schedule
going forward.
## Discussion
1. each member discussed what they have accomplished over the past weekend (see standup notes)
   - small work conflict, Yinghui and Lucius both working on search page, use GitHub issues for later
   - Patrick talked about merge conflicts and why we should pull from the main branch to limit merge conflicts, and the pipeline in general.
2. Two ADRs by the end of the week
3. Decided to wrap up Frontend by tomorrow, finish styling. Javascript html.
## Additional Info
- none
## Adjournment
Meeting adjourned at 1:15 pm by Seeraj.

**Minutes Submitted by:** 
Sri Siddhartha Madduri
